TheMistyIsles

  The Misty Isles is a fantasy world that takes place after an event called 'the great extinction' in where all humans went extinct along with MOST big animals (like cheetahs or bears). The world is dominated by small creatures that we see today such as moles and rats and bunnies, they are deemed the former, meaning animals that were in the world before all the big animals were wiped out; however, there are animals that also appeared after the humans went extinct, such as bristles, murlocs, and whelps. they coexist with each other to an extent, there are often wars that plague the land, both former and subsequents believing themselves the better race, and therefore attempt to take control over key cities. You come in starting as either a former or a subsequent (you choose) and that choice will guide your way of seeing the world, the quests you get, your starting zone, but from there, you make the decisions.
  
    Genre - Text Based RPG.
  
    Game Length - Demo (former only) is around 30 - 45 mins

        VV (In Progress)
New Origin Character (Will add the code when done): Welcome to Tor’Makash. A giant desert waste that no common folk would dare to enter, for it’s seemingly dead, but still deadly lands, prove too perilous for most; however, those few who do brave the land (usually archeologists or historians) have found small pieces of evidence of a greater story that lays hidden within the deep sand dunes. A magic that lay over the land, buried for thousands of years upon the Misty Isles. Most write this off as a myth, but here enters Roz, an amerdane who found a mysterious staff while the soldiers razzed her homeland nestled on the edge of the desert under the orders of Mimrodan. With war enveloping the lands around her, Roz falls back into the heart of desert armed with nothing but the staff, her own knowledge on the desert, and the few survivors who managed to escape.

Important note: while this may seem like a depressing start the story will be quickly shown that it’s not all of that, even in the opening scene there will be areas of humor that give a more lighthearted approach to an otherwise sad opening. A small helping factor is that our main character, Roz, is not weak, we see her fight her way out of the town, and save a few people while at it, not simply flee. It almost empowers us, we feel as if we can fight whatever this desert throws at us rather than simply have to hope/assume the desert will be merciful because we’re the protagonist.
